
Whenever we step into this cafe-meets-wine-bar-meets-restaurant in Sydneys CBD, we find ourselves with a case of the must have everythings. Its a serious condition, we swear...

Little Vienna
If you can’t stray away from the ritual lunchtime sandwich, then Little Vienna in Martin Place is sure to please. Despite its name, Little Vienna ironically offers large inexpensive sandwiches overfilled with fresh ingredients in between toasted or soft bread.

Pick from a range of pork, beef, chicken or fish sandwiches, or customise your own with an extensive range of fresh ingredients. Good to take away or have in, they do catering too. Now you and your friends and family can experience mouth watering and satisfying sandwiches that take this often boring dish to another level.

Megan Park | The Strand
Get away from Pitt Street Mall crowds by ducking into this beautiful Sydney boutique. Perfectly fitting into the artisanal, Victorian-style Strand Arcade, everything on the Megan Park rack is designed and tailored in-house. Home to some of Sydney’s best unique fashion, why not find some peace and quiet in this gorgeous boutique?

Pasticceria Caruso
Cake lovers unite! We’ve found the perfect place if you’re in need of a speciality cake for any occasion, or even an afternoon pick-me-up.

Pasticceria Caruso in Wetherill Park offers a range of stunning cakes that are as much of a treat for the eyes as they are for your tastebuds.

Le Monde
This long standing Surry Hills café is a local favourite for a reason—it’s reliably top notch for brekkie and lunch classics.

Ruby and Min
This boutique in the heart of leafy Woollahra carries sophisticated, edgy collections from fashion labels around the world including Johnny Was, Majestic, Paige and Annie Campbell Jewellery. Ruby & Min also have their own label called Just Min, which focuses on fashion forward leather, silks and cashmeres.

Olsen Irwin
Olsen Irwin is the product of Tim Olsen Gallery joining forces with art dealer Rex Irwin to exhibit a broad range of Australian and international art in the gallery, online and at arts fairs. There is a continually changing exhibition calendar showcasing emerging and established artists, which have been cultivated by Tim and Rex to represent a comprehensive and poignant view of contemporary arts in Australia.

Victor Churchill
Renowned as the best butcher in Sydney, Victor Churchill is pretty much as good as it gets. Youll only get the best quality meat possible, and you wont feel like youre in a cold, smelly butcher; this place is fitted out better than most peoples homes (it is Woollahra, after all

The Boathouse Shelly Beach
Beach, babes, baristas - The Boathouse has it all, and now it has brought the same charm from its sun-kissed sisters to Manly. Enjoy the view at sunrise, sunset or during a long lazy lunch.

Cloud 9 Chocolate Cafe
Sitting proudly on King Street in the heart of Newtown is Cloud 9, a mecca for chocoholics across Sydney. Indulgence is encouraged at this Sydney café that offers waffles, fondue, ice cream cones and gelato sliders (gelato sandwiched between brownies or cookies with extra melted chocolate). They are open til’ late, making it the perfect late-night dessert hotspot for the sweet-tooths of Sydney.

Something for Jess
The produce at Chippendales Something For Jess café, is sourced locally, with veggies from Camden, butter from Tempe, and bread from Newtown.

Concord Farmers Market
Concord Farmers Market is a local Sydney market run by the Concord Rotary Club.

Days Like These
With an emphasis on urban streetwear, Cronulla boutique Days Like These, caters to both men and women. The collection is a mix of wardrobe staples and standout pieces spanning Dr. Denim, Mr. Simple and Handsom, as well as a range of accessories and footwear.

Holy Kitsch!
A celebration of all things Mexican, Holy Kitsch! proffers an eclectic range of products, spanning handmade arts to collectibles. With everything from sugar skulls and painted mirrors, to vintage wares, jewellery and framed imagery, you’re sure to find a one-off gift idea at Holy Kitsch!.

Tuchuzy
Located on Campbell Parade, in the heart of Bondi Beach, Tuchuzy has gained a cult following of fashion devotees, who come far and wide for their collection of wearable designs. With emerging and established labels, you’ll find offerings from Helmut Lang, Dion Lee, Alexander Wang, Missoni and Bassike, as well as footwear courtesy of Chloé and Givenchy.

Jo Malone
Stepping into Jo Malone will awaken your senses. Combining sophisticated scents with elegant design, Jo Malone offers an array of fragrances, bath and body products, skin care and scented candles, all beautifully presented in their iconic cream and black packaging. Jo Malone is also available in David Jones.

Ms G’s
Loud and fun, combined with some fine culinary fare, Ms G’s has built quite the reputation. Joining the renowned Merivale set, Ms G’s is serving up some of the best Asian-fusion this side of town, plus their quirky cocktail list, which includes their famed Yuzu Slushee, is definitely worth a mention.

Poepke
Poepke is a one-of-a-kind gem located on William Street, Paddington. Sourcing luxurious yet understated designs from local and international labels, you’ll find contemporary names including: Bernhard Willhelm, Rittenhouse, Dries Van Noten, Ann Demeulemeester, Haider Ackermann, Desert Designs and Bassike.

The Boathouse Palm Beach
Set on the picturesque shores of Palm Beach, The Boathouse is a favourite with Sydneysiders who are looking for a short escape from the rat race. Serving up exceptional modern-Australian fare, and an exquisite view to match, The Boathouse is constantly brimming with patrons. Also, check out their stunning new location at Balmoral Beach, but get in early as there can be a fair wait to be seated.

Mr Crackles
Where else in Sydney can your order your roast meat roll with a cup of crackling on the side? Mr Crackles is best known for its roast pork belly, which takes three days to prepare in the pursuit of the most succulent meat, with the crispiest skin. For a big appetite, try the Manwich, boasting twice the meat and half the salad, and dont forget that cup of crackling!

Croquembouche Patisserie
Croquembouche Pâtisserie is hitting all the right notes, expanding their franchise to the shores of Bondi. Try one of their renowned croque-monsieurs, or, if youre more of a sweet tooth, then try a French crêpe with your favourite toppings.

Hartsyard
Hartsyard in Newtown may well be one of the only cafés to boast an almost entirely in-house produce list. From house-made breads, pastries and syrups, to their in-house carbonation system, the husband and wife team in charge of this café pride themselves on a grassroots approach to cooking. As a result, this inner-west charmer has people crossing the city to taste the fare at Hartsyard.

Cookies+Milk
Heading to Cookies+Milk of Newtown fame, is like going for a walk down nostalgia lane. With the help of ginger beer, shortbread and decorations (including milk bottles and heirloom jars), Cookies+Milk is enough to gratify anyone’s inner-child.

Four Olives Deli
Gourmet produce and moreish treats are the specialty of Four Olives Deli, located just next to the Corso in Manly. Order your favourite delights to-go, pack them in a picnic basket for a lunchtime adventure, or sit down and enjoy the fare amidst the hustle and bustle of the Four Olives Deli.

The Commons
If winter has had you hibernating, head down to The Commons in Darlinghurst to warm up via their lovely open fire. Located in an old farmers cottage, enjoy wholesome modern-Australian meals that are hearty and satisfying.

Shady Pines Saloon
Hidden in a small lane behind Oxford Street, Shady Pines Saloon would be concealed, that is, if it didn’t always have a queue out the front. When entering this dimly lit space your eyes immediately dart to the taxidermied wall hangings giving it a Wild West, Texan feel.

Mother Chu’s Vegetarian Kitchen
Set in the heart of the city, Mother Chu’s Vegetarian Kitchen has been serving up fresh and authentic vegetarian Chinese, for over two decades. With a rotation of specialties, as well as all the classics, like crispy bean curd, steamed eggplant and crunchy soya bean roll, Mother Chu’s Vegetarian Kitchen is a must.

bills
Bills has become an institution among Sydney locals. Set within a quaint, inner-city terrace, it’s the perfect spot for an extended weekend brunch. Serving up modern-Australian fare, their well-known specialties include sweet corn fritters, sour cherry and apple loaf, and their mouth-watering ricotta hotcakes with banana and honeycomb butter. Yum! Check the website for the Surry Hills locations.

Funkis Swedish Forms
Funkis offers a wide selection of Scandinavian designs. Famed for their gorgeous clogs and sandals, striking accessories, as well as their vast collection of fabrics and homewares, Funkis will infuse your wardrobe with Swedish class.

Elleryland
Launched in 2007, Ellery is renowned for its instantly recognisable, covetable separates. The creation of designer Kym Ellery, her avant-garde, effortless aesthetic has lent the label a cult following. The Ellery boutique, ‘Elleryland’, can be found on Glenmore Road in Paddington, Sydney.

Aboutlife
Aboutlife in Rozelle is so much more than your local organic kitchen. With a full-sized café, supermarket, herbal dispensary and catering service, Aboutlife is your one-stop marketplace for local and natural produce. We recommend their raw green smoothie, which is a top seller!

Bassike
Bassike has fast become the go-to label for covetable wardrobe staples. Synonymous with a minimalist style and premium quality, Bassike offers both men and women an iconic range of organic cotton tees and casual wear.

Physicore
Physicore is a boutique studio that offers high intensity 50 minute work outs designed to get you fit. Fast. Offering a range of classes including Megaformer (a full body conditioning class), Kettlecore (an intermediate class for those who want to sweat!) and TRX (a workout that uses straps, your own weight and gravity) these workouts will leave you feeling long, lean, toned and strong. And really, isnt that what we all want?

Paesanella Cheese
Did someone say cheese? Paesanella Cheese is a family-owned business, which will make all your cheese dreams come true. At its deli and café in Marrickville, you’ll find a vast selection of award-winning local and international cheeses, as well as a range of organic and gluten-free products.

Booza Ice Cream
Originally a delicacy of the Levantine region, Booza is a unique ice cream, which is pounded with large wooden sticks and served with lashings of pistachios. Produced fresh in Sydney, Booza (aka some of Sydneys best ice cream) is a handmade dessert that uses a combination of authentic ingredients like mastic and sahlab.

T Totaler
Did you know that tea is not just for sipping, but can also be used in variety of activities such as cooking and gardening? We sure didn’t, that was before visiting T Totaler in Newtown. This loose-leaf artisan teashop offers an extensive array of herbal, black, white and green tea, as well as teas that are 100% Australian-grown. T Totaler works to balance taste, smell and nutrition, and cater to all your individual needs.

The First Drop Café
Say hello to the bright yellow door at The First Drop Café in Redfern to get your lazy brunch off to a bright and chirpy start.

Passiontree Velvet
Claiming Sydney’s best high tea, Passiontree Velvet offers a world of culinary indulgence, with a range of high tea menu’s available to suit every taste. Choose from the English Tea House, the Parisian Patisserie or the Belgian Chocolatier, and experience edible luxury. Located within the Macquarie Centre, this Sydney café is passionate about quality, providing only the finest full-leaf craft blends by Harney & Sons.

Chef Up!
Sometimes you dream about a michelin-starred French chef dropping by to help cook dinner for you and your mates... Or is that just us? Impossible. The team at Chef Up! offer healthy, approachable cooking classes for you and your friends, as well as corporate or private catering.

Vic's Meat Market
Once simply a home to all the fish in the sea, The Sydney Fish Market now houses its very own Vic’s Meat Market. Offering wonderfully fresh cuts of meat, as well as a ‘meat candy bar’ pick and mix. Word on the street is, their pulled pork roll is soon to make our list of the best!

Löwenbräu
If you like lederhosen, pretzels, beer and meats, then The Löwenbräu is the place for you. Pop in for a plate of meaty goods that will be impossible to pronounce but very much worth it. Have a crack at the Knuspriger Schweinebauch, a tempting plate of crackling roast pork belly with Löwenbräu bier sauce, sautéed potatoes and slow-braised red cabbage; it’s worth every mispronounciation.

Beer Days
Craft beer delivered monthly to your door sound good? Then sign up for Beer Days, a delivery service where you can choose an option of an 8, 12 or 16 beer box that arrives either monthly or quarterly, so you are always well tuned to the crazy craft beer scene. Beer Days makes the perfect gift for the hard-to-buy-for boyfriend or dad, or even just a monthly surprise treat for yourself. They also offer beer tasting events with snacks for a perfect addition to any private function or corporate event.

Original Meatball Company
Hailing from NYC, the Original Meatball Company has arrived in Sydney, dishing up a healthy dose of buns and balls. Take your pick from chicken balls, beef balls, fish balls and even vegetarian balls served on a soft brioche bun and laden with cheese. Carb haters you can take your balls on the green, with plenty of hearty salads like The Geisha or Hail Caesar. To wash it down order a mix ‘n’ match cookie crumble shake, it’s as good as it sounds.

Aqua S
Sydney has no shortages of ice cream parlours, but nothing quite like Aqua S. The new soft serve joint has opened up in Regent Place, and is doing a roaring trade of its blue sea salt scoop enveloped in a cloud of fairy floss. There are other toppings too, like sweet popcorn, pop-rock candy and a flame-grilled marshmallow. It’s wonderfully weird and a must on your dessert hit list.

My Island Home
Like stepping into summer, My Island Home will make you feel a million miles away. This bright, cheery boutique is brimming with exotic homewares, gifts, clothing and accessories, so drop by My Island Home and wake up to a holiday every day.

Breathing Colours
Celebrating the works of emerging and notable Australian artists, Breathing Colours boasts a vast collection of paintings, glass, ceramics and jewellery.

Hunt Leather
Hunt Leather offers luxury leather goods and luggage, stocking a number of well-known labels like Longchamp, Il Bisonte and Leonhard Heyden, as well as its own exclusive Hunt Leather collection.

Stem
Set in the heart of Balmain, Stem’s gorgeous selection of local and international designs spans clothing and accessories, fragrances, jewellery, homewares, stationary and much more. Stem is truly a place to treat yourself to a little something nice.

Sew Make Create
This contemporary, creative workshop offers intimate classes and a drop-in sewing studio for artists and designers. Sew Make Create also has an array of Australian handmade products available for purchase.

LivedIn
Long committed to the creation of beautiful living spaces, interior-stylist Vanessa Kidwell opened LivedIn in August 2010 and created a place inspired by beautiful homewares sourced locally and from around the world. Aside from selling homewares and lifestyle products, LivedIn also offers sourcing and styling services.

Honeybee Homewares
Filling the shelves at Honey Bee Homewares are items that define the provincial charm of France. With brands like Astier de Villantte, Côté Bastide and Bensimon, make a beeline for Honey Bee Homewares to give your home a touch of French style.

Outré Gallery
A self-proclaimed ‘counter culture art salon’, Outré Gallery in Surry Hills offers an all-inclusive creative experience. Specialising in pop, surrealism, underground, retro, tiki and folk art, Outré Gallery will undoubtedly have something for everyone.

Hudson Meats
Hudson Meats in Surry Hills is heaven for carnivores; it has all the meaty goodness to sate your protein cravings. With seasonal specialties and an emphasis on provenance, Hudson Meats is an upmarket butcher and deli with that heart-warming customer-based focus we all have come to know and love.

The Dock
The infamous Beer Baron has traded in his pushbike to serve the locals at The Dock in Redfern. Gone are the days of late-night cheap bottles of beer; the words on everyone’s lips at The Dock are beer cocktails, affordable wines and free popcorn to keep your salty cravings in check.

Kido
Kido has everything you need to welcome your new addition to the world. From beautiful clothing and accessories, to bedding, toys, baby gear and décor, Kido is brimming with baby must-haves. Check the website for Kido’s Surry Hills location.

The Bronte Sewing Room
The Bronte Sewing Room caters to sewing beginners through to seasoned professionals. On offer at The Bronte Sewing Room are a variety of creative workshops, from crochet and knitting classes, to pattern making and kids school holiday programs.

MCLEMOI Gallery
Representing established international and Australian artists, as well as emerging talent, MCLEMOI Gallery, located in Chippendale, houses a contemporary collection. MCLEMOI Gallerys ethos focuses upon creating a sense of community and a space for learning.

Lox Stock & Barrel
The second outpost from the team that brought you Brown Sugar, this New York-style deli-café has quickly earned a loyal patronage. By day, Lox Stock & Barrel dishes up hearty salads and authentic bagel sandwiches (think toppings of chicken liver, egg mayonnaise, and of course lox!) while at night, share plates and a short and sweet wine list is on offer.

Alistair Trung
The Alistair Trung label is synonymous with deconstructed silhouettes and layered design, all combined with a tribal influence. Renowned for his flowing tunics and signature separates, Alistair Trung attracts women who enjoy an artistic flair.

Assin
Known for their high-end, directional fashion for both men and women, Assin in Paddington features the best in international design, along with their eponymous label. The Assin boutique collection is carefully curated, and includes: Rick Owens, Dior Homme, Maison Martin Margiela and Haider Ackermann.

Come As You Are
With International labels including: J Brand, Equipment, American Vintage, and Frye, Come As You Are offers an eclectic mix of mens and womens fashion, accessories, and footwear.

Tap Art Gallery & Theatre
Tap Art Gallery & Theatre is a creative community exhibition space that supports emerging artists of all forms. Housing an art gallery, film society and live theatre space, Tap Art Gallery & Theatre can satisfy any artistic hankerings.

Young Henrys
A brewery in the heart of Newtown, Young Henrys specialises in craft beers and ales brewed on site. Complete with a cellar door-style tasting service in the middle of the brewery, and a multitude of award-winning brews, Young Henrys is a place where beer lovers can unite.

Karpati Medispa
Located in Double Bay, Karpati Medispa offers safe and non-invasive medical procedures that are at the forefront of the medical aesthetics market. Karpati Medispa has been in business for more than 20 years using environmentally friendly, chemical-free products and services to specialise in restorative and clinical rituals. Led by Eva Karpati, the small team of expert therapists and consultants at Karpati Medispa is dedicated to providing highly effective cosmetic solutions for every client.

Bloodorange
Loren Abood, owner of this gorgeous Elizabeth Bay boutique, ensures the racks are filled with beautiful, understated designs that will have you leaving with a much lighter wallet. Christopher Esber, T by Alexander Wang, A.P.C, Alexander Wang, Bassike, Dion Lee—Shopping at Bloodorange is a real delight.

Les Nereides
Les Nereides sells stunning Parisian costume jewellery that is full of whimsy and vintage charm. Happily situated on Paddington’s William Street, this gorgeous terrace boutique offers some French-inspired treasure. On Saturday’s you can even pop in for a glass of champagne, while you peruse their wares.

Capital-L
A big supporter of local fashion talent, Capital-L is known for being one of the first stockists of famous Australian brands, Sass & Bide, Lover, and Alice McCall.

Scanlan Theodore | Paddington
Since 1987 Scanlan & Theodore has been an Australian fashion stalwart. Their line of beautiful, classic designs for women feature feminine silhouettes and high-quality fabrication. With the use of leather, silks and fur often favoured, the Scanlan & Theodore label will add a little playful luxury to your wardrobe. Head to the website for Scanlan & Theodore’s other locations across Sydney.

Belinda
Belinda’s collection comprises an immaculate curation of local and international labels, including: Dries Van Noten, Marni, Lanvin, Isabel Marant, Christopher Kane, Phillip Lim, Gary Bigeni, Karla Spetic and Helmut Lang. The go-to destination for fashion devotees, visit the Double Bay boutique to check out their latest stunning arrivals.

Professor Plum's
Offering an exciting array of ingenious science gifts, at Professor Plums you can let your inner child run wild. Stocking gadgets, games, puzzles, lab experiment kits, telescopes, novelties and all things science, you’re guaranteed to find a unique gift. The school holiday workshops by Professor Plums are great for keeping little ones preoccupied, with categories like Gross and Gory Science and Dino Discovery.

Paper 2
Set in the heart of Surry Hills, Paper 2 specialises in boutique paper and stationery. With a range of beautiful products on offer, you’ll find everything from personalised stationery, to notebooks, invitations, homewares, pens and inks. The brainchild of graphic designer Margaret Rockliff, Paper 2 sources unique ranges from Tokyo, London, Frankfurt and New York, as well as selling their own in-house designs.

Object Gallery
One of Australias leading centres for contemporary design, Object Gallery features both an exhibition area as well as a retail space, which both showcase a diverse range of works. Promoting local talent, Object Gallery exhibits and sells innovative and contemporary Australian-made art and design.

The Strand Hatters
A purveyor of fine headwear for over 50 years, Strand Hatters stocks everything from top hats to fedoras, pith helmets to Australian bush hats. Whether it’s form or function you’re after, the right topper can be transformative, so head down to Strand Hatters at the Queen Victoria Building to find your crowning glory.

MUMU Grill
If you’re partial to a good steak then we’ve found a little slice of heaven. Mumu Grill in Crows Nest is your one-stop-shop for all things meat, priding itself on 100 per cent grass-fed beef alongside a complete range of organic and sustainable produce. Curb your appetite at the grill (the King Island prime rib is a knockout!), or if you’d prefer to get your hands dirty why not test out their beef and beer masterclass? Mumu Grill also offers home delivery meat boxes for you to whip up a delicious feast at home.

Ippudo
With over 60,000 bowls of ramen served since opening in Westfield in December 2012, Ippudo is definitely doing something right. Originating in Fukuoka in 1985, Ippudo has expanded globally sharing their signature ultra thin, hakata style noodles with hungry bellies around the world. Go for their famous shiromaru and akamaru ramen, and be sure to sample one of their steamed pork buns. Delicious!

Makoto
Since its opening in 2014, Makoto has become a Chatswood favourite among people looking for the best sushi in Sydney. Offering a traditional sushi-train experience, fresh fish is the highlight, which is sourced each morning from the fish markets. You’ll find a wide range of sushi and sashimi options, as well as specialties prepared in the upstairs kitchen. The nabeyaki udon is a must in the winter months.

Cupcakes On Pitt
Servicing sweet tooths in Sydneys CBD, Cupcakes On Pitt offer up some of the best cupcakes in Sydney, created with the freshest and finest ingredients.

Bassike
Bassike has fast become the go-to label for covetable wardrobe staples. Synonymous with a minimalist style and premium quality, Bassike’s newest outpost on Darling Street offers both men and women its iconic range of organic cotton tees and casual wear. Inspired by the simplicity of Japanese design, Bassike is sure to freshen up your everyday essentials.

Doughnut Time
Doughnut Time is sweeping the nation with its fresh, inventive, and colourful nuts of dough and Sydney-siders can expect to be able to scoop up some fresh (no doughnut is ever more than three-hours old!), hand-dipped creations in Newtown, Bondi, and Chippendale in the near future! With a new doughnut special being released every Saturday, Doughnut Time is always dull of sweet surprises, but trusty faves like the Nutella-packed ‘Love at First Bite,’ the ‘Butternut’ confection of burnt butter and pistachio glaze, and the ‘Ya Bacon Me Crazy’ maple and bacon glazed doughnut.

Petal Met Sugar
When Petal Met Sugar, magical things happened and this is just one of them.


Handcrafted artisanal jewellery by Melissa Harris, an internationally recognised jeweller.




Parlour X
Paddington gallery-style fashion boutique Parlour X is the brainchild of retail supermind Eva Galambos. Tucked away in a converted terrace at Fiveways, Parlous X stocks the wares of such high profile designers as Balenciaga, Comme des Garcons, Rick Owens, Isabel Marant and Saint Laurent. The emphasis here is on Galambos’ curation of the designers’ most special pieces – it’s not about basics at this fine establishment – and you can trust her knowledgeable eye.

M Contemporary
It’s the last thing you’d expect to find in leafy, upmarket Woollahra, but M Contemporary has been lauded since it opened in 2013. That’s not to say that the eastern suburb is averse to art – far from it – but on any given day you walk past this gallery you might see a graffiti artist tagging its walls, for example, such is the remit of the art it shows. Collector Michelle Paterson opened the gallery with a few to creating a cross cultural conversation by showing emerging artists from around the world, so drop in for something a little different.

Danjee
In the heart of Sydney’s CBD sits Danjee, bringing up-market Korean delicacies to our palates. Flavoursome and fresh, Danjee serves the classics, including; kimchi, pajeon, fried chicken and bibimbap, but all on the lighter side. With a dedicated Korean barbecue area, incorporating tables with built-in hotplates, you will not miss out on all the traditional gogigui fun. Not to be dismissed, an excellent array of craft beers and wine varieties on the list.

Blackwood Pantry
Blackwood Pantry is dishing up all day brunch in the Shire.

Doughnut Time
Could Doughnut Time be making the best doughnuts in Sydney?

Cake Wines Cellar Door
You originally loved these guys because they named themselves ‘Cake’, and because they sell awesome wine, and you’re going to love them a trillion times more now that they’ve opened up a permanent cellar door in Redfern.

Apart from a huge array of awesome wines to take home, you can expect something awesome to enjoy every single night, including tastings at 2pm every Sunday (free entry – oh yeah), DJs (so you can dance with wine outside the comfort of your living room), and low key vinyl and pinot sessions for the chillers out there. You just know it’s going to be your new favourite spot for good times and wines in Sydney.

The Dog Hotel
Formerly the Duke of Gloucester Hotel, The Dog is a craft beer haven located in Randwick by the same guys as Keg & Beer and Dove & Olive.

Morris
Introducing Morris, the totes adorbs younger brother of Scout’s Honour in Redfern. 

Keeping it in the family, Morris continues the love affair with the good ol’ sandwich plating up a great range of healthy eats. There’s also tacos, salads and bowls to get your teeth into and a range of sides that are really a meal in themselves.

About Life
About Life will open in Lane Cove housing ethical, organic and sustainable ingredients locally sourced and grown in Australia

Hot Star Large Fried Chicken
If you’ve noticed a line running down Liverpool Street, it’s likely a queue for Hot Star Large Fried Chicken. Hailing from the streets of Taiwan, circa 1992, the popular snack has Sydneysiders licking their lips in glee. Their fried-to-order crispy chicken is bigger than your face. Hot Star is also open until 11pm, if you’re after a late night feed.

The Stinking Bishops
For those who enjoy a good dose of cheese, The Stinking Bishops has opened in Newtown and is making all your fromage dreams come true! Take your pick from a vast range of imported and Australian cheeses (including white molds, goat’s milk, washed rind, hard or blue molds) and pair with a glass of sparkling, red or white. For those you prefer their cheese on the go, they’ll happily package up anything in the cool room for you to enjoy later.

Din Tai Fung
At Din Tai Fung, dumpling is king, laying claim to the world’s tastiest dumpling. It’s a bold suggestion, but regular diners will agree. At Din Tai Fung, which boasts locations in North Sydney, The Star (Pyrmont), World Square and Westfield Sydney, dumplings are handmade on site and measure precisely six centimeters in diameter and weight between 20.8 and 21.2 grams, before being steamed for exactly three minutes and landing before your eyes. Load up on the tasty morsels, such vegetable and shrimp, and accompany with cucumber salad, drunken chicken, and green bean with minced pork.

Short Black Panther
Mortdale, an area in Sydneys south, isnt traditionally known as a café hub, but thats slowly changing with the 2014 launch of Short Black Panther, the first business venture of local Danielle Sheriff.

Banh Mi Bay Ngo
Banh Mi Bay Ngo may very well have the best banh mi in the Bankstown area. Specialising in Vietnamese pork roll, they pride themselves on the quality of ingredients used including their home made pate and mayonnaise. A little on the spicy side, be sure to ask for no chilli if you cant handle the heat! Choose from a variety of pork, chicken and fish and see why Banh Mi Bay Ngo is still so popular even after 20 years in the game.

Dinosaur Designs
Jewellery and homewares label Dinosaur Designs has become something of an Australian icon since it was launched by Louise Olsen, Stephen Ormandy and Liane Rossler in 1987 with a stall at Paddington Markets. Employing an environmentally sustainable practice, its handmade resin products, created by skilled artisans in its Sydney studio, are as much art sculptures as they are practical and decorative pieces for the home and body.

107 Projects
Servicing Sydney’s vibrant community of artists, 107 Projects in Redfern is an artist-led multidisciplinary arts space which has welcomed close to 20,000 visitors since opening in September 2012. With studios for the creation of work, and space for exhibitions, performances, workshops and film screenings, 107 Projects presents the work of both local and international artists.

Work-Shop | Redfern
With fun and affordable short courses in arts and crafts, Work-Shop allows you to unlock your inner creativity and build lifelong skills under the watchful guidance of experienced tutors. Dabble in printmaking and tea blending, or learn samba and build your own terrarium, or if you’re looking for a unique gift, buy a special someone a gift certificate for their next big day.

Grass Roots Urban Butchery
Grass Roots Urban Butchery (GRUB) is a family-owned, ethical butcher located in Vaucluse. Providing the highest quality meat, poultry and seasonal fruit and vegetables, GRUB is your one-stop-shop for creating healthy, tasty meals at home. GRUB also offers a home delivery service across the Eastern Suburbs, Greater Sydney and the Blue Mountains, Newcastle and the Central Coast, ACT and Southern Highlands, and Wollongong.

Goodgod Small Club
Hidden amongst the busy quarters of Liverpool Street, Goodgod Small Club features quaint pop-culture trivia nights, energetic DJ sets, and a classic Americana style canteen. Punters have the opportunity to dance to 60s-inspired garage rock in the confines of the “danceteria”, or share their signature punch Jugs with a crowd of friends. There is always something eclectic happening at Goodgod.

Hong Ha
When talking about banh mi in Sydney, it seems everyone has their place of choice. But with long lines that sprawl around the corner, Mascot’s resident king of a tasty and affordable lunch, Hong Ha is certainly up there with the best banh mis in Sydney. It’s definitely worth waiting in line, and at just $5 a pop it’s guaranteed to keep you coming back for more.

The Yeeros Shop
This Marrickville haunt is renowned for having the best hot chips in Sydney, and that is no easy feat. Make sure you order the traditional lamb yeeros, which is stuffed with lamb, vegetables, tzatziki and paprika, served with a side of chips (chicken salt is a definite yes). Your taste buds will be happy as will your wallet.

Chaos
Something of a local institution, Chaos and its quirky hand-painted chairs have been serving up delicious fare for over 15 years. Start with a pineapple, apple and mint frappe, and move on to the BLAT – make sure to bring your appetite for this one, it’s a monster!

The Whisky Room
Featuring more than 100 of the world’s best whiskies, The Whisky Room has landed at Surry Hills’ The Clock Hotel. The bill includes all the usual suspects from Islay, the Highlands and the USA, as well as some of the best from Japan, Taiwan, New Zealand and Australia. Be sure to sample the monthly Whisky Flight of three hand-selected whiskies chosen to highlight a region, country or brand.

The Light Brigade Hotel
A real Paddington institution, The Light Brigade Hotel’s art deco interior has stood the test of time with locals and visitors alike. Head in and watch the game while enjoying a $17 drink and dine special; the classic Light Brigade Parmigiana is a must.

M.J. Bale
You might just buy a suit or shirt, but a piece from Australian label M.J. Bale boasts a truly interesting provenance. Its founder, Matt Jensen, has built his business with the intention of education his male customers on the high quality raw materials that become their clothes on their back, such as New South Wales-grown superfine fleeces woven in centuries-old mills in Northern Italy, as explained in its Grazed on Greatness campaign. The result is a delicate balance between form and function, with a suit cut that’s both masculine and modern.

Workshopped
Workshopped is home to the creations of innovative designers from Australia and New Zealand. With an emphasis on nurturing up and coming local talent, Workshopped showcases some of the most novel creations on the market today from the likes of Tony Parker, Aeratron, Life Space Journey, Coco Flip, Ed Linacre, Stuart Williams and Inde Studio.










Elegantly Scant
It’s a great feeling slipping into new feminine lingerie. Elegantly Scant is providing the cream of the crop, stocking vintage-inspired pieces (think elegant, silky fabrics) at surprisingly affordable prices. And if your dream undergarment doesn’t fit you like a glove, Elegantly Scant offers a free altering service.

Lucas Meats
You’re in safe hands at Lucas Meats— for over 45 years these guys have been supplying Eastern suburbs locals with high quality meat from their specialist producers.

Coffee Tank
Coffee Tank is the newest addition to the ever-expanding Marrickville café family.

Mentmore & Morley
There’s something brewing on the corner of Mentmore and Morley Ave, but whilst it’s not something of the witchy kind, it’s safe to say that this café in Rosebery is adding a little magic to the neighbourhood.

Essential Ingredient
The Essential Ingredient is the place to go for hard-to-find ingredients. Stocking the good stuff that the chefs use, its got all the bells and whistles you could ever need. Check online to see what cooking classes theyve got going on. From famous Aussie chefs to International stars, its an incredible experience and totally gives you license to show off your newfound skills to all your friends.

Sydney Float Centre
Floating is not your usual way to relax - but then, this isnt any old place to de-stress in Sydney.

IRVRSBL Designer Vintage
Rare vintage clothing and unrivalled convenience collides with IRVRSBL offering you the opportunity to indulge in your love of designer threads without ever having to leave the couch.

Studio 20/17
If youre after modern style mixed with environmental consciousness, Studio 20/17 is your go to. Creating inspired jewellery out of 100% recycled materials as well as repurposing old jewellery, these pieces are unqiue in every sense of the word. With a collection of over thirty modern designers from both Australia and abroad also on sale in their retail gallery, youll be sure to find an interesting and standout piece. Think eccentric motifs, vibrant colours and quality materials.

Maloney's
This local family owned grocer in Sydney is a local hot spot for seasonal fresh produce.




Metro Lamp Co.
Lamp and lighting specialists Metro Lamp Co. is in the biz of skillfully hand-crafting copper lamps in locally in Sydney. Hit up their website for the industrial yet functional light designs that are trending in homes and businesses all over the city. Catering from low-budget to design-your-own lamps, MLC has a bright solution for everybody. 

MLC also light up markets all over NSW, so check out their blog to get up close and personal with their illuminated ideas.

My Refinery
This little vintage boutique curates some of our favourite designer labels that you can snag at a fraction of the price.

Embellish Atelier
Embellish Atelier is the pride and joy of award-winning milliner Catherine Kelly. Crafting bespoke hats or headpieces for any occasion (tiara for a coronation, anybody?), if you want to decorate your head, this is the place for you. Promising absolute attention to detail, these handmade pieces are for the fancy side in all of us. Hat hire is also available for the casual hat-head, so fear not, hat-commitment-phobes!

Catherine Kelly is happy to pass on her wisdom, so if you want to make your own cat hats, contact her for information about her workshops.

Xtend Barre
Xtend Barre has quickly ascended to become one of Sydneys best barre studios, with workouts that are just as fun as they are (surprisingly) intense!

Artemide
A leader in lighting and an Italian design icon Artemide is very much at home in Surry Hills. Through research and innovation they have a brand that is more than just lights with many architectural and outdoor lighting projects for both residential and large public and commercial projects. From residential to large scale commercial lighting needs that not only have exceptional design but also functionality and superior performance. They are known for their modern contemporary lighting, which have been designed to not only light up the space but the needs of the space.

Continental Deli
When the guys from Porteno and Bodega open a deli together, you stand up straight and get ready to run.

The Hot Dog Man
The Hot Dog Man interrupt your usual bland sausage nightmares with some proper free range meat and fillings that you never thought would grace your hot dog, but now you cant live without them.

Shortstop Coffee and Donuts
This much-loved Melbourne cult hit is set to whip Sydneys donut obsession into some serious creme de la creme.

The Artisan Butcher
What do you get when you cross an award-winning butcher with a nutritionist, who both share an utmost respect for farm-to-table produce? You get The Artisan Butcher, run by Paul and Samantha Beard, serving up all things beef, poultry, lamb and pork.

But this bespoke Potts Points-based business isn’t your usual run-of-the-mill butcher: they do antipasti, condiments, specialty yoghurts and cheeses too. And when they shut the doors for the day, the cheese and wine tastings start, as well as classes where you can learn the tricks of the butchery trade.

Whether you need to purchase a nice steak or learn how it’s made, The Artisan Butcher is your next port-of-call.

Feather and Bone
With a client list worthy of a masterchef judging panel (we’re talking about Neil Perry’s Rockpool, Billy Kwong and Red Lantern Restaurants), Feather and Bone butchery are clearly ticking all the right boxes. Passionate about sustainability and ‘paddock-to-plate’ produce, Feather and Bone ask all the tricky questions so you don’t have to: Was the meat grown, harvested and transported ethically? Was this a sustainable journey?

And when the answer to all these questions is yes, the taste on the plate is absolutely phenomenal. Whether its grass-fed beef, pasture-raised pork or even Boer goat that gets you salivating, Feather and Bone will find a way to your heart, one succulent ribeye steak at a time.

Gelato Messina
Messina will forever be glorified as the best gelato in Sydney by many, and for good reason. Despite being open since 2002, it’s a steady dessert spot, with a notable line appearing at dessert peak hour each night (yes that is a thing.)

Cured Cuts Club
Meat delivered straight to your door – absolute genius. Cured Cuts Club is a monthly meat subscription service delivering 4-6 of the world’s best artisan cured meats to members. Within each box is an information card detailing how to best eat your cured meats as well as the best beer to pair them with. Previous boxes have ventured into Spanish territory with a selection of Salami, whilst the most recent was a journey to African safari featuring a mix of biltong. With a variety of subscription options ranging from one-offs to six months, even the commitment phobic can get behind this kind of relationship.

Lowenbrau Keller
To experience Oktoberfest any day of the year, Lowenbrau Keller in The Rocks has all the bier, schnapps and schnitzel you could want. Like any good Munich bier hall, there’s an oompah band to keep your spirits high while you hold a pretzel in one had and a stein in the other.

If you’re feeling hungry (and brave) take a seat on one of the long benches and share the schlachtplatte, a meat plate filled with all the Bavarian specialties from pork belly, pork knuckle and potatoes to sausages, schnitzel and sauerkraut and some bread dumplings popped on just for good measure.

A C Butchery
With over 35 years in the game, the team at Sydney butcher, A C Butchery pride themselves on their products and service.

The Academy Brand
Located in the ever-expanding Westfield Miranda, The Academy Brand offers clean and classic apparel for the man who very much loves his chinos. It’s all very American preppy meets ‘breezy Australian summer’ in here with lots of denim, linen and a nautical-inspired colour palette.

Spring Court Bondi Beach
This is the home of the fashion elite’s go-to shoe when pulling off that ‘effortlessly cool’ I woke up like this look. We’re talking about Spring Court, super-dooper comfy Parisian-style tennis shoes, an absolute must if you’re serious about looking fashionable yet laid-back.

You can nab a pair of these classic canvas sneakers in the Hall Street outpost at Bondi Beach, the quintessential precinct to be rocking such trendy footwear.

Above the Clouds
Above The Clouds is a mid to high-end street wear and sneaker boutique in Darlinghurst.

As well as their own brand, they stock a range of international names such as Lacoste, Butter Goods, Adidas Originals and The North Face. You can also browse and buy online, if that’s more your vibe.

Brent Wilson
After starting his own fashion label in 2006 when he was only 26, Brent Wilson has become a powerhouse in the men’s fashion industry in Australia.

Winning the GQ Designer of the Year in 2012 and having his clothes worn on red carpet events by celebrities like Prince, it’s obvious his range is always on trend and of great quality. You can find his pieces in The Galeries or can scout his stuff out on the website.

